Nm/rename project (#262)
crate/croud: CHANGES.rst

Unreleased
==========

> - Add ``croud projects edit`` command to change a specified project name.

Reviewer: Our convention is to write changelog entries in past tense (in contrast to commit message, which are in present tense).

```suggestion
- Added ``croud projects edit`` command to change a specified project name.
```

> - Added ``croud projects edit`` command to change a specified project name.

Reviewer: The `edit` command should not be limited to renaming, even though name is the only editable field yet:

```suggestion
- Added ``croud projects edit`` command to edit an existing project. At the moment, only the name of the project may be changed.
```
